Document AWS RDS IAM auth with short-lived tokens (#3141)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/cms/configurations/database.md

});
```

**Example: PostgreSQL with AWS RDS IAM authentication (dynamic password token)**

Knex supports short-lived credentials by letting you provide `connection.connection` as a function and by checking whether a token needs renewal via `expirationChecker`.

```ts title="./config/database.ts"
import { Signer } from '@aws-sdk/rds-signer';

export default ({ env }) => {
  const signer = new Signer({
    hostname: env('DATABASE_HOST', 'localhost'),
    port: env.int('DATABASE_PORT', 5432),
    username: env('DATABASE_USERNAME', 'strapi'),
  });

  return {
    connection: {
      client: 'postgres',
      connection: async () => {
        const token = await signer.getAuthToken();
        const expiresAt = Date.now() + 15 * 60 * 1000;

        return {
          host: env('DATABASE_HOST', 'localhost'),
          port: env.int('DATABASE_PORT', 5432),
          database: env('DATABASE_NAME', 'strapi'),
          user: env('DATABASE_USERNAME', 'strapi'),
          password: token,
          schema: env('DATABASE_SCHEMA', 'public'),
          ssl: true,
          expirationChecker: () => expiresAt - Date.now() <= 5 * 60 * 1000,
        };
      },
    },
  };
};
```

:::note

> AWS RDS IAM authentication requires SSL. Refer to the AWS documentation for the required certificate bundle and SSL parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS RDS IAM authentication requires SSL. Refer to the <ExternalLink to="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/UsingWithRDS.IAMDBAuth.html" text="AWS documentation"/> for the required certificate bundle and SSL parameters.
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Example: PostgreSQL with AWS RDS IAM authentication (dynamic password token)

Reviewer: Could you please move this content inside the PostgreSQL tab? 

<img width="1739" height="1030" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4656e33d-5b74-4bbd-a65a-7ca62800df27" />

You'd have to remove the h3, of course.
You can use the following formatting instead:

**Example: PostgreSQL with AWS RDS IAM authentication (dynamic password token)**.

If it looks too bulky in the rendered page, we might want to include this content in a details block.

```

:::tip

> Strapiâ€™s default SQLite database lives at `.tmp/data.db` at the root of the project. If you want to customise the path to store the database elsewhere, set the `DATABASE_FILENAME` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strapi's default SQLite database lives at `.tmp/data.db` at the root of the project. If you want to customise the path to store the database elsewhere, set the `DATABASE_FILENAME` environment variable.
```
